docs: mention our bundle file clearly. (#31300)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.0/getting-started/download.md

{{< highlight html >}}
<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{< param "cdn.css" >}}" integrity="{{< param "cdn.css_hash" >}}" crossorigin="anonymous">
<script src="{{< param "cdn.js_bundle" >}}" integrity="{{< param "cdn.js_bundle_hash" >}}" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
{{< /highlight >}}

> If you're using our compiled JavaScript and prefer to include Popper.js separately, don't forget to include Popper.js before our JS, via a CDN preferably.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using our compiled JavaScript and prefer to include Popper.js separately, add Popper.js before our JS, via a CDN preferably.
```
